In this course, we introduced fundamental concepts to help you design,
deploy, and run Cloud workloads with security in mind.
We emphasized three critical design considerations,
when it comes to architecting Cloud environments.
First, we focused on accessing the Cloud management plane,
and how to properly restrict who can do what in the Cloud.
We investigated best practices for identity and permissions management in AWS.
Secondly, you focused on ensuring security controls are put
in place with respect to gaining access to Cloud infrastructure,
Cloud Instances, and Cloud Private Networks.
The third core principle we looked at was ensuring that
data stored in the Cloud is protected using encryption,
and best practices around managing this encryption.
Lastly, we looked at techniques to defend Cloud applications from attack,
and ensure that we have visibility into
the security posture and activity of our Cloud environments.